boom ok so now that I'm the producer of
the Donna wrong spot we already
established they established that yes
we've taken off the RZA sure thank you
for being here thank you I'm gonna give
them a beat you're gonna have music
first off we'll you said that I said I
got a but down to it oh just assume it's
all hip-hop use that that was insulting
you know not hip-hop I would love any
genre if you have a vision or you see or
even connected to this at all whatever
you feel I fucking got to fill it and
I'll make it work I think your idea
driving around talking shit is a great
one I like my Villiger I did a podcast
doing that we basically did like these
little video things tuna but driving
with Darnell is a great idea or even
just you don't limit it do whatever the
fuck you want one day we want to drive
drive one day you want to sit in your
living room just talk shit in your
living room do that the day today was a
good day for me because I knew was
coming to do your show and I've been
ducking the question and evading it for
so long when I see you I can't even be
real with you like I want to and I was
like I said fuck man I'm doing Rogan in
two hours I gotta go do a podcast what
are you writing I was just writing
podcast come on I know if he was on a
podcast or a podcast p OD p OD knows of
this I'm just yeah taking notes yeah
it's just gonna be like it's just gonna
meet I just wanted Joe to stop bullying
me I didn't want him to talk shit cuz
every time I just trying to help every
time I see you side he'd be like this we
have a regular conversation to hit just
start doing like this what so much
podcast we go shoot this shit to the
moon oh come on you're good you're too
good to not have a fire and I said and
i'ma tell you I could go in front of
thousand thousand people ain't tripping
off that shit but just something about
me talking to myself talking to myself I
never did that well 44 minutes yes yeah
do you ever talk yeah you know what you
I gotta admit you gotta talk to yourself
but I never did it but you know what you
got a star bro let me say I gotta say
this no the real talk Tommy Joe no
bullshit
I've been talking Joe buy this shit for
five months we talked about the people
bet his fans talking about and I ain't
gonna front I was a little nervous about
it and like I was like uh-uh
and then when I did it today when I
finished it I felt good his shit saying
I'm a I felt like this I was like always
bought the org site it's on see moving
that's all you needed you just needed a
launch who's they podcast off with Joe
Rogan producer and a RZA producer and
Jamie Vernon doing the difficulties
Jamie was mad at me at first I said okay
Jamie you're absolutely right I agree
with you 100% but what I said what can I
do to help me and you we're gonna make
it happen and we worked it out worked it
out he wanted to turn my internet oh he
was like maybe I put me online and
nuttin said there's a couple of
companies that offer like a turnkey sort
of situation what is the one who does
Eric Weinstein's podcasts and it does
Google they have a service they have a
company and they just did they get all
the ads for you and they take a certain
percent and then they set up a studio
for you you don't have to think about
shit you just go in and be yourself we
know it's crazy um not that I was
jumping on Darnell's then why do I have
used to that all right all right let me
just say yo um nah um maybe for the last
few months since we started the hulu the
American saga a series people been
pushing me to do a podcast
I love listen to you
I end up not doing one but we have one
for the show of course that kind of does
you know like after the show go go and
listen and hear you know more inside
details of the story but still during
that process it was like you need to do
a podcast with us because just the way
you think you just need more people with
that kind of thinking you know yeah so
he said as he talked to us you know you
don't talk to herself but then after he
was finished talking to himself for 44
minutes he felt a weight come off him I
was there's a scripture on that book
what is the scripture is in the Bhagavad
Gita why no no no I don't know I know
the Quran is the Quran all right so the
Bhagavad Gita suppose means the song of
God this pet Gita Gita the Gita right
it's actually the words of Krishna and
he says contemplation with yourself
which is talking with yourself will take
you further than praying
okay and if a man is not contemplating
right if you're not and
what are you doing it verbally like
right now be talking out loud we all got
that voice and I had yeah you had that
voice who's like y'all put the condom on
enough right you know if you listen to
it or you don't listen to it right but
the bottom line is that according to
Krishna it's that contemplation that
makes us better
it's that reflection of what we did what
we're gonna do and mu nu verbalize it
even out loud I mean the spoken word
it's even more powerful you get it out
mmm that's how I felt
oh I'm telling part it was like I was
not let Jo talk shit to me about doing
it but I'm glad I did it man did not
reach him yeah yeah you gotta do a
podcast you should they get mad money to
say the most important thing is that you
have a voice
you're an interest
guy if you did a podcast he would be
interesting a lot a little it's good to
have a bunch of different people doing
it from all different different styles
of art different person is alright other
person has already been interested yes
so what people want to keep getting yes
how can you give it to him did you talk
about man that's a death so fucking easy
that's a no-brainer the bhagavad-gita
it's you and Duncan Trussell the only
people quote the bhagavad-gita
that's hilarious that's all that's an
amazing book man that's what Oppenheimer
quoted when he watched the first atomic
bomb blow off so I am become death
destroyer of worlds
so quote right from the bhagavad-gita
yeah that's crazy shit yeah that's a
that is a fascinating book man there's
all sorts of allusions to like UFOs and
shit to talk about
whoa what the Maharaja which is a longer
version yeah so the bhagavad-gita is
about 700 verses that's talking out at
the Maharaja which is one of the longest
it's not D longest poem isn't it tops
how do you say is it Mahabharata how do
you saying yeah you might have that B is
Indy I never even know those where does
this Mahabharata up silent be it sound
like that's gonna be in there that
Debbie makes noise right but it's a
there's Vimanas in that right where
there's flying crafts
there's about yeah weird shit the people
face history try to figure out what the
fuck are they talking about yeah and uh
you know that ancient civilization was
measuring they call coppers every thirty
five thousand years you know and they
were saying you know imagine coppers you
know like that's that's that's like ka
PPA
like Cappadonna oh oh I got a tendency
to make a disclaimer real quick I have a
tendency to pronounce words the way up
an ounce
oh you never spit a six now I didn't I'm
very white hate no no Manny I didn't
even know what he's talking about I had
to like go over tell him to bars you
said you smell what I said hip-hop he
was asking me about Sugar Hill and I
said yeah I remember that and then I
started singing it we went to sugar
after a period of time yeah you actually
if I knew no no this was said you miss
sixty you was like this would you Toby
Jo you said I don't have time to spit
six no I don't I have much better things
joy you said Jones enjoy listening to at
halftime it doesn't what Jo you say I
have much better things to do my time to
despit sixteen I don't think that's what
I said I'm pretty sure that's what you
said what I said was I'm too busy to do
one more thing and I like rap but I
don't like to do it maybe I would love
it but I'm not going to I mean yeah the
top means don't try to twist treating me
edit edit it out edit edit this we were
talking about how few white rappers ever
actually make it like the tiny
percentage in comparison the ones who
try it like how many of them try it
you got a think this must be millions
and millions that have tried it Yeah
right like this like a small handful of
guys well in all reality is a small
handful period that's true too so if you
look at the ratio normal ratio gasps mmm
as we talk you'll see I'm always I'm
always pulling some numbers into things
but if you look at the ratio let's say 1
million white guys tried right 5 made it
let's say 50 million blacks tried it's
not me
hmm so so usually the ratio right there
anymore doing I sewers yeah yeah
make sense but he'll pop let me just say
some about hip hop Caracas
I could say that right is that no
Takashi tried to kill it but GU is not a
beautiful thing is that hip-hop no not
so good you know that's what I like I
like this this this energy here but
hip-hop is a pure American creation
culture yes like it's like it's you know
people try to chase it nah man trace it
right here yeah and when it was formed
right it's definitely you know you know
a lot of young black men you know you go
back to ku Hoke and Grandmaster Flash
and in Melle Mel and spoonie gee you
know you could go back to the classes
you know Grandmaster Caz right but just
with their Grandmaster Caz crew with a
cold cross brother you got Charlie chase
right so you got the Spanish brothers
there with in our first hip-hop songs
that we love you know LL Cool J Rock the
Bells mmm oh god sue produced that Rick
Rubin mmm you got the white brother oh
yeah we was talking about it so so the
so the youth culture of America at that
time
right even with Fab Five Freddy going
down you know talented a CBGB crowd and
all that and blondie you notice all
these things was melting from our
culture then whereas of course it is a
dominantly a black expression right
it'll be just say we dominated the
culture but it took angles from every
other part of New York to make it exist
and that means it took our Spanish
brothers and their culture they took our
white brothers and their culture to all
forming and then of course when wu-tang
came me what the Asian culture you know
I mean yeah and who tell you say that
it's like it came in like a thunderstorm
so so we said so so what we should be
proud to know that is that it you know
that this is like an exclusive American
art form and look Bruce Lee who was an
American right people who got it you
know he represents the Asian culture but
he was born in America went back made it
big and hardcore and they came back to
America and took
the next level again and when you look
at some of those breakdance moves and
some of the philosophies that he bought
to mixing more styles together you know
G kundo which means the way of the
intercepting fist or also the way of he
could bind boxing with fencing with with
Wing Chun yes right he pit all those in
the maze together before was even that
right when it was taboo exactly
hip-hop also is that same type of
product when you do have the the sole of
James Brown the the jazz of the
loneliest monk I mean I mean the the
rock beat of Billy Squier yeah I got a
big beat or honky tonk woman by Rolling
Stones those are break beasts but yet
you also got the Latin feeling of the
Mambo Kings and songs like Apache and
the men you think do you think hip-hop
is evolving and not just because is it
evolving in a sense of the creativity of
it I think it's because people they got
a situation now where it don't have to
evolve among people have found a way to
make money off of something that people
may not agree with there's like hot but
do you think your puppet is evolving yes
it always evolved right so part of the
evolution we're seeing now is where as
we in my generation we relied on user
that was created before us because we
went to we came in the time when it took
music programs out of school right so
you didn't learn how to play a guitar
piano good and your music equipment or
your instrument became your turntables
it became your drum machine eventually
became our sample and then we sampled a
lot of songs or a lot of breaks from old
records that already existed right right
but this generation right they're not
actually force the sample they actually
could take their chipboard their drum
machine their laptop and just create and
on their phones yeah and on their phone
they just create the beat right and so
now the beat has no historical reference
to it in the sense of oh that was a
James Brown oh the Marvin Gaye's that
below this that's just that kid who
whether he did foody loops and do some
course progresses that
or whether he sat there on his garage
band on his phone and and hit the guitar
program that comes with it or whatever
the creativity of it is narrow having
this form of originality right now of
course once it sounded like that happens
there's a formula so we keep hearing
that same formula exists right right but
I think one of the greatest evolution of
hip-hop right is and and I said well I'm
gonna use the word evolution loosely
because when I think about the cold
crush brothers and the foursome DS they
did this anyway in the beginning but
hip-hop has become more melodic now than
it did in the 90s in the early 2000s
right so what I mean by that
you know rappers Niro you know you know
I'm just so D like this it's more
melodious more you know it's all
champion right has the reggae chant vibe
to it
when we was doing it I smoked like smoke
control it was all aggressive chop flap
you know I mean so so you see that it
evolves to this melodic form and then
look at Kanye he's now it took it to
gospel its melodic as hell right now
Luke took it to the Snoop lion but still
I mean he was snow was really successful
this new client thing didn't wasn't that
successful but the one he won the AL
gospel I think he was getting awards and
nominated in like and stayed on top of
Billboard for a while yeah and now
Kanye's is in that well so so it's
evolving right and charts even different
now you got fucking pussy eaten
preachers now what you mean now just say
like viral the pussy eat preacher
Jamie googly googly say it was preachers
bitty pussy for a while but this will
get caught on camera a car outside
I'm pouring on it like they just report
no no no it's
yeah yeah it's real okay women doing
little signs like if you was on a
deserted island who would you want to be
and they got somebody else they got
somebody else do they got to proceed
preach it huh well I know it's got a
disgust it was a form from New York I
don't know he from down south they don't
they don't got hard Mayo Jesus oh wait I
thought the Pussycats blocked it all
that with pussycat so that you can't see
pussy kids they love cat and this guy
conjugation is going up look at God what
do girls like eating getting their pussy
eaten it's a fact listen none won't
listen
yeah that's one thing about sex it says
car use a little more scientific world
here please cunnilingus all right but
just like you said earlier you got to
speak the way you do every talk yeah so
come wing I use cunnilingus now my daily
conversation okay
no no but cunnilingus is oh look it's
you know fellatio or whatever you guys
want to do this is part of sex so it is
what it is right and of course everybody
likes it everybody likes sex you listen
I don't think you're gonna find a
species that don't like sex you can see
two flies on top of each other in right
doing 360 right you know what do it
verticals do there's the Eagles do it
they have to fly to the air and they
they almost crash to the ground while
they're fucking because they kind of
like run out of space guys trying to nut
on the way down if they don't make it
sometimes they'll bounce off trees and
shit never seen it you should watch
Eagles fuck Jimmy Schubert used to have
a great bit about it I know if he still
has it but you had a great bit about
Eagles Eagles fucking sellout game of a
ban yes evils fuck do they go to sleep
afterwards I don't know I don't know a
whole lot about it
remember learning about it from a Jimmy
Schubert bit yeah this is them fucking
they fun and they just lock up until he
gets it off she's like let go you're not
gonna call me sick I'm gonna get it off
about that those are American Eagles big
risk for come this bananas that this is
the real thing and then apparently
they'll disjoin with no emotions no
emotions involved with this look at his
face though yeah that face like no
emotion involved at all it's a terrible
animal that has our national animal well
no it's a raptor a vicious Raptor that
doesn't give a fuck about any but when
that motherfucker spread his wings oh
that look is like you're that look and
flying is what gives it that you want
the world to be scared of you yeah he
definitely want to eat an eagle is a
good good one a good one I mean that's
one of the forms of kung fu that I had a
lot it's the Eagle Claw yeah I know you
when did you get into kung fu movies wow
I got a nose like I saw my first kung fu
movie I think at the age of nine right
wow you know that's probably only my
third movie experience Wow only because
you know right I mean nowadays I see
movies anyway back Dylan early seventies
yeah go somewhere you got to go
somewhere and listen clear I have a tape
oh no no no no no this is this before
VHS I'm talking about going to the
movies and my first movie to me let me
give you a little movie history for the
RZA first movie I ever saw was uh
Huckleberry Finn okay
down south my cousin took me to the
movies I was maybe six or seven years
old second times in the movie did his
second time
my uncle Hollis took me it was a double
feature was Star Wars and the swarm
right which is it mr. ty all this stuff
affects my life the killer bees to swarm
will turn killer bees right third time
to the movie theater right or third or
fourth time because
sort of rocking and then I saw a double
feature starring Bruce Lee which is
called filly of the Dragon and another
movie called black samurai starring Jim
Kelly oh shit
once I saw that he was good once I saw
that I was hooked on action kung-fu
movies as a double feature you had to
the double feature ten days of nine and
mind you how was the birth of wu-tang
clan and mind you back then to go to the
movies you did with my family didn't
have the dollar twenty-five like to get
the money to go to the movies that's a
big deal I may take six months and we
got to the movies I'm tell you this
family my family this is back when I was
still eating meat pork swine you know we
used to chill the pig
we still raise them name them kill them
eat them all right
but so now I'm in New York City living
my grandmother send me the movies
Rocky's playing everybody's coming to
see Rocky
we gotta bring our Sunday dinner to the
theater with us oh oh college but you
know what you was you had a big bag you
know the big bag was yeah yeah this
nobody was thirsty one motherfucker
might get a soda
yeah yo let me tell you something we
walked for years I walk right past all
the concessions yeah everything popcorn
hot dogs Twizzlers never had no money
for that shit walk straight in the field
yeah I'm with because listen think about
a dollar for a snicker you couldn't even
get a snicker when was 46 nope
like you saw actually Lisa oxide Paris
hey mom you got 25 cent was just say boy
ain't got good sense ain't got no sag
got good sense boy you know it so we for
that ever but at the end of the date
of those movie moments you know I mean
they really inspired me really took me
like to a world I was different from the
from the project world that I lived in
you know I'm a hmm and once I start
seeing movies like the five deadly
venoms and 36 chambers and mask Avengers
and super ninjas all that we start
seeing those narrow you'd like in the
preview yes it seen all this action and
is this you start resonating with me and
uh maybe around the age of fourteen I
just ended if I hear more talk to talk
the whole show of it but yeah yeah some
like what is the potato and did is it I
don't know how you know they like as a
course Serb is this dehydrated was to
origin of it I don't know there's a lot
of wine that's not vegan apparently is
that what they do egg whites yeah I
don't even really to be honest I don't
even really know what the fuck a real
vegan is animal products what is the
what is what is it what engines can't
right we should well if you are claiming
to be a vegan vegan diet a vegan diet is
give a fuck about vegan for the health
of it or for actually what is doing
animals and she both oh for sure really
yeah so you can you share how chickens
are slaughtered and shit his reason yeah
to be honest with you bro I just you
know I just hit you with this right here
the reality how I feel no animal needs
to die for me to live okay my son turned
14 this year never had a piece of meat
in his life okay go do eight pull-ups
right now okay
my oldest son haven't had meat in his
life he could bench over 200 pounds okay
six to eight pack
play good guitar piano great memory he
never had no hot dogs never had a think
he'd never ever had a hot dog 18 listen
how was 18 21 21 he never listened okay
if he had a hot dog was a vegan hot dog
Nana will grandma also nothing now the
whiskey no point being made to you right
below is that I'm only saying that to
see that I could look at my household as
a living example that you don't need I'm
with you dad to live a man I'm not
arguing whatever because I'm especially
so now I talk shit about vegans that
shit I talk about shit about plant-based
motherfuckers but I know now like what
the way people cook it and the more
options there's more options to eat like
that then it was when I was coming when
I was coming up it was just like that
sunrise paddy that's the only vegetable
and they could tell you eats of broccoli
or carrots or something but it wasn't no
options then and it wasn't so many
people doing it with you you wouldn't
find a no vegan restaurant you like it
would be one spot you got away go way
over here you go to Jamaican spot in
Brooklyn
if you was a vegetarian you had that one
steam pot in there the mixed vegetables
that's only thing he was gonna get
didn't have no meeting yeah I was
invited I became vegetarian so made ODB
yeah man you get that yes you get the
tea those you're Tito's man what I got
to do what I got to do I could like and
plus I ain't really see my son that much
what I got to do I could do it anytime
tomorrow I'm gonna see somebody I could
beat him four hours later I need to get
some time my son I'm chilling here so I
know I ain't get invited but hey you're
here you know so I saw did you when did
you stop eating mean how many years
husband I haven't had a piece of red
meat since 1995 Wow and what about fish
and I've had a piece of poetry since
six after he finished the liquid sword
album with us and I haven't had fish I
stopped eating fish son in 1997 I am
Everage my father feel good if you go
hold on to fish feel good yeah kool-aid
you like a glass no no no yeah I had a
good weekend okay so I just take the
weekdays and congratulations thank you I
respect that sir I respect this yeah I
got you know I'll get to it I like the
drink I'm not drink but you know if I go
if I have a heavy weekend I got it take
some yeah so what do you do you monitor
your nutrition and make sure you get all
your bases covered your amino acids and
your proteins and all you like how do
you mostly the whole food diet or do you
supplement I don't I don't really
monitor yo alright I don't eat a lot
personally you know I mean like on a
good on a good day for if I'm on my best
the best versa
I'm not eating once a day anyway once a
day yeah like the typical man haven't
you ever eat today really no not me I
got some I got so many goal of this I
got some lettuce wraps yo you give them
that shit you try to give me son that I
want to eat after I might finish this
what's it yo why you act like I'm
against being a vegan I'm Noble I never
said I wouldn't love it so I'm not at
your diet man only thing I'm saying is
you know I don't know Allah no f-bombs
you eat one of those right what's this
the wheezed white butter no it's nut
butter yeah
you can't leave it with not you can't
leave it with healthy oils with that
nuts
cool crunched-up nuts guys I crunched up
nuts that all right yeah well I eat a
lot of those it makes the liquid that
some people some people are cool with a
liquid diet I'm just a couple with it
tastes good and the veggies need
nutrition work real quick okay it's
great shit man
well I like this reading it it sounds so
much very healthy
it says basically just protein in them
organic dark chocolate I'm gonna say
this weed brother no man why you keep
don't say this to you because I go to
him there's no work on him all right
but every time you say something to me
you said it like before you start
tripping out all right this is for you
okay no no it has dark chocolate in it
okay so dark chocolate is known to
reduce high blood pressure right us as
black men we're you know they say we
have high blood pressure right
basically base towards being in America
not getting that real natural Sun right
and having a high sodium diet unstable
oppressors dark chocolate helps reduce
it so this is good for me yeah everybody
but why you got just directed at me like
I need dark chocolate you know what I'm
just next no no I'm just saying key
point deviation I'm sorry I like dark
chocolate like everybody else like dog
shot you like milk chocolate with dark
side I like dark chocolate you know snow
snow it's great well watch this shit on
TV this is my shit box one on TV the
food that made America anybody watch
that you know what is it yo Channel
no it's uh maybe it's a History Channel
or one of them stations but they go into
the Hershey Company the same people did
the men that made a man
yeah AME docu-series I didn't know I
didn't see that one but that right that
one about the Minute Maid America yeah I
gotta wash it good
yo they cover Kellogg they cover
Kellogg's yo check out how I walk start
black people like Pepsi but hold on let
him tell the Kellogg story cuz you don't
believe this
okay Kellogg star because he's us a
doctor with a little the quality
sanitary but the quality sanitarium yes
we had the words wrong whatever it is
wait wait the doctor yeah no sanitarium
there's a no tidal creek sanitarium yes
so he's there I never knew that
motherfucking motherfucking big Kellogg
no Kellogg was a motherfucker he
invented cereal to keep people from how
awesome be AA cereal boxes forever he
invent cereal to calm people's sexual
desire because they because they because
they was sick there and it's what they
thought the best way to get the
nutrients he would bake orders drained
together and then break it up and no he
did pour milk his brother actually was
the one that was like pissing milk in it
he's right Golden Grahams immediately
Nath gonna check out the punch line of
the story right so Kellogg's is doing
this shit his brothers like yo listen
it's money in this we could sell this
but Kellogg's he's the doctor he's
already making but he's like Marion look
his brother's little dyslexia he ain't
really kind of got its got these sons
brother look we ain't doing all that son
let's go to work and do what I tell you
right right so he's going to go do what
he tells him and then one guy comes over
to the sanitarium no money can't afford
to pay he has to work it off right so
they let him work it off right he's
working he's eating the cereal every
morning and he's just checking out the
sanitarium and he goes he looks around
his name is mister post
mr. post yeah huh he leaves the
sanitarium and before Kellogg starts
Kellogg CEO mr. Powe started post-civil
homey and blue forgot about post yo for
real it was a beef was it like serious
oh it was severe be food for the whole
pepsi-cola right you access a black
people love Pepsi Cola right how
somebody's white doin tank so you know
why black people like pip sounds like
you trying to be racist right and he
explains story to me back in like the
30s with coca-cola and Pepsi was the to
vine bottling companies and Coca Cola
was smashed and Pepsi on sales like like
125 minutes like three million in sales
per year right and Pepsi needed to do
something to get a different audience
so Pepsi painted basically coke to be
either racist or not really caring about
the black community and perhaps was the
first corporation they started putting
black people on the cover of the posters
and it don't be in affluent like like
doctors nurses they because anything you
saw him was like Aunt Jemima shit but
I've been perhaps II was the first ones
to start doing that in Pepsi hired an ad
agency twelve black guys I think was in
Louisiana to go out and do juke joints
and touch the black community and what
Pepsi did was like quantity wise like
say if you had ten ounces of Pepsi 10
ounce of coke pepsi cope with charts
like 27 and Pepsi with charge like 10
cent but basically getting doubled you
won you're given the get sugar you don't
matter you could charge it up right yeah
so that's the reason and didn't if you
think about that through generations
generation that's the reason why a
person could be disconnected from a
certain brand you said think about it if
you if you like if you at home right you
got Pepsi coke and then you hear
somebody said man we don't drink that
coke man that's at white people soda
you don't said you won't drag it in and
that's what I did and they it's a book
called this call is a book called the
real Jamie pop it up the real Pepsi
challenge the real Pepsi challenge there
to us and I think this would be I looked
into trying to get the rights to if some
kind of
blocked early on maybe I had a right Jew
tank laying on my team how one
pioneering company broke the color
barrier in 1940's American businesses
Wow
and see that you wouldn't see impact in
you wasn't seeing posters of of a
working mom you were just seeing like
serving stuff and that's when audio
version in that book about you could see
the Buchan just see you really you could
just see the outfits they was wearing
and like the Pepsi dudes they was a
Pepsi motherf they was a Pepsi that was
just to have money to go throw parties
that shit yep Pepsi it up pep it up do
you know that coca-cola to this day is
made with cocaine
no they use coca leaves and then they
extract medical cocaine from that and
then there's a company that makes yep
there's a company that extracts it for
them and makes medical cocaine and they
have they have coca leaves that are
shipped to coca-cola to make coca-cola
there's a certain flavor that those coca
leaves give it no cocaine anymore
coca leaves no but there's a company
that's connected to it that actually
uses those coca leaves and extracts the
medical there is medical cocaine yeah
they use it for different like surgeries
and shit like that even though right
well yeah in the series the food that
made America they go into coca-cola
crazy they could still buy coke yo but
the events of coca-cola was hooked on
coke come on another drug oh he was
hooked on uh
I forgot you can look it up right he
sucked almost other morphine he's hooked
on morphine right so he's trying a
charity he's trying to counter his
cocaine basically oh my God he's
speedballing but but check it out
but the cocoa the cocoa leaf by the
cocoa plant was actually an African
plant you know I mean we always think of
it as being a Colombian and also it's
like coffee
how coffee all came from Ethiopia is
that kind of party
I'm going to it he make he makes cocoa
he makes cocoa - cocoa planning few
other ingredients together and uh he
made coca-cola
so he made a cocktail ended up take off
the morphine and yeah in the original
formula is still unknown no I mean Coca
Cola when it had cocaine in it you like
crack streets coked up exactly the fuck
is really thirsty now heal it right now
you imagine what that what was the
decision like when did they all get
together dry him we got to take the
fucking cocaine out of coca-cola when
did they get together and take it out
how did they did it for people like we
had with dental in like issues with
their mouth yeah yeah okay
lidocaine they using surgery okay yeah
when I had my deviated septum fix I had
a broken nose they straighten it out and
they flood it with lidocaine to numb it
it's like a cousin of cocaine yeah it
doesn't get you high makes you feel like
shit it doesn't get you high but you
feel like disconnected and weird like
they gave me a pretty good dose when
they fix my nose and I remember I went
to a restaurant like either that night
or the day after I think it was that
night and I was I was feeling terrible I
got Mike I don't I can't taste anything
I feel all shaky and weird like I'm not
on cocaine but it does do anything to
your appetite or anything yeah it wasn't
that hungry
well yeah it fucked with me it just made
me feel shitty I just felt like I felt
like my heart was beating too fast I
felt weird and it just felt like
something was off it didn't make any
sense but they use it just to numb you
up for surgeries it's real common I've
never had another real common you've
joined injuries and shit like that shoot
you over lidocaine I knew some science
to the world against the lidocaine
okay shooting into his shins before
fights for what the numbers showing I'm
the shit out of his shin they started
you fuck you come on
didn't feel a goddamn thing he was all
numbed up well there's no lidocaine in
this this is strictly no dry roasted
macadamia nuts no volcanic dark
chocolate seed the next part is better
on the back than the front right at
least we're in chocolate canes cocoa
powder cocoa butter and dark chocolate
stars put this in my pocket take this
take it don't you do it you put it on
top of something no I just like it just
like just throw the things squeeze the
thing it just throw this I don't work
out you can work out here to produce
your show about to work out tell you
everything a reason day
cuz I'm gonna eat better cuz I'm tired
of this muhfucka luckily be like I eat
off fuck keep looking to be like let me
explain to you
anyone who's disappointed if your
discipline with your diet no matter what
you're gonna do it rather than people or
not man I could do it I could do it for
every reasons I could do vegan and
everything for every reason the health
reasons every reason for what I don't
mind I'm not I'm not mad I'm not mad at
beautiful I think it works for some
people health-wise but a piece of a
piece of fish
sire you advise on it right if I can say
I'll take my advice
I said look even if you include one day
a week is it what a vegan diet just one
day right just like how like how some
coaches they have you know Saturday
included one vegan fried a vegan Friday
no don't fry can give up vegan fried for
fish Friday do you have good Indian
restaurants that have vegetarian
Indian restaurants they know how to do
it cuz they've been doing it for fucking
hundreds of years that's double diet I'm
not mad at it I wish I liked it
especially I like food especially if
it's the best of that you're not saying
anybody for those vegan struggle plate
what is that what's that I don't know if
carrots will or personick vinegar
selfish
Oh struggle please restaurant video know
what that one of the plates they're
vegan struggles like Travis Barker's
place is get that crossroads vegan
restaurant yes I want to contact him
vegan is like one carrot like what
banana
you know you need party no extra sauces
of nut just not rape plate yeah some
band-aid sandwiches but vegan versus
yeah you want something hard yeah you
remember
sorry you all have our own sugar
sandwich don't advise it's just
basically what is it - um itself sugar
dye stuff it's like the cheapest thing
to get was a loaf of bread
yeah the cheaper thing you can get his
loaf of bread loaf bread was 25 30 40
cent or whatever cheapest thing you love
bread but everything else it's not cheap
to meet not cheap you don't say buddies
could be free a free well if you want to
create the whole sandwich because no
matter how big it is if it's meat what
it is the same size whether it's a jelly
sandwich or whatever you know and then
you would get like anything in between
two pieces of bread
whether it was butter is sugar yeah I
know this sells so know it sounds bill
but it's gonna fuck you up you'll be
asking butter and sugar that's not a bad
joke you will die Joe no good but that
shit is like as a kid yeah it was like
being me me me me me
well that's a peanut butter and jelly
does for you if you have like Skippy of
you're like one of the real delicious
peanut butters and I said those
delicious peanut butters well instead of
organic ones the ones you have to stir
yourself those are good they're good for
you they're much better for you because
they don't have any sugar added to them
but everybody loves like Jeff sandwich
with Wonder Bread everybody had a peanut
butter and jelly sandwich everybody
I want a Bologna and cheese I wouldn't
bloated cheese mayonnaise I wanted white
bread and I want you to do it wait I
want the triangle triangle put it Luna
for dinner on that field trip on the bus
I want this kid that got their bus heat
the melted up a little bit hot man that
was the best sandwich ever we never got
him with somebody show up to school
learn today got a better sandwich than
you yeah you just got a cheese sandwich
the man got he got to like lettuce
tomatoes he got a little ranch dressing
to put on there a cat sit right over
gonna catch deli in New York yeah I've
been a kid no you keep pointing at me
like this is how you just said it
yeah you say that it felt like you say
this to me I know you ain't never been
the cats but go ahead a lot what's your
favorite thing in can I get a turkey and
cheese I keep besides her I don't want
even talk about me to value what is is
that gonna end well oh you gotta get the
pastrami yo you wanna be slime ins in
Cleveland Ohio
Oh slime is in Cleveland you've been
there that's enough it's over there
power Slimers
this sandwich you think that's better
than cats I'm telling you this sandwich
it's the best thing they got in
Cleveland is LeBron and this sandwich
say yo the sandwich is still there yeah
they're famous for their famous yeah but
its largest you get this sandwich like
you could just use if you really you get
like the same is like this big you could
be like give me a sandwich I did a half
loaf of bread cuz you're gonna make you
can go yo you could go home this slimy
shit like if you want to get if you want
to smash it let me check it the Midwest
you come back - that's Lyman I know you
ain't fuck with this son the death
sandwich
that's hilarious how big that is but no
it's not just the size of it it's a
really good Sam I believe it but it's I
love when people do that
something that's just over the top and
what partes was farming me is that the
cow's ass come on man a lot of meat is
made from the legs the rumps you know a
lot of roasts slim jims yeah it says
right on it it says beef lips mmm beep
beef ass asshole beep heart hearts good
for you okay lips an asshole I don't
even want to talk about meat what'd you
make the real problem is really the
preservatives and all the stuff they put
in and to make sure you could roll it up
in a fucking tube and stick it in a tray
and let it sit there for weeks and
months on end and it's meat it's not
supposed to sit there like I don't care
how you seal it if you unless you're
drying it out like beef jerky and then
even beef Jerky's got a shelf life you
make it last as long as it can for
bacteria takes it over but it's a it's
tissue so don't they that's why they
would dry it you know they would dry
meat so they can carry it with him on
the row but they didn't plan on its
staying forever you know what it does it
stays pretty long but that's slim jims
they add a bunch of stuff to those
processed ones I had some turkey jerky
or some wood from somewhere thought it
was wack but it was very good
some turkey jerky not a fan of Turkey
it's a weird choice for food it's like
chicken tastes better well for black
people Turkey anything feels like you
just cleanse yourself your first turkey
burger you like oh I've even know this
part of life existed so mmm there you
have people competing who makes the best
turkey burger yeah a good turkey burger
can change your life
get me on a road of being a vegetarian
well you know what that's the path I
took I started first I stopped at me and
then I went to actually turkey burgers
Toki pastrami turkey turkey chop meat
for my spaghetti you know I mean it may
be chicken burgers and then one day I
was eating like I when I was younger I
can knock out about 30 chicken wing you
know I mean I mean oh man one day he
pointed at me
chicken knockout 30g wings 100% so on so
on the on the by the 29th chicken wing
my teeth hit hit the bone gene and my
Maura said no more dead bird really said
you eaten you in New York City where all
these pigeons flying around and here you
are supposed to be an intelligent human
being you're eating on a dead bird and I
was like that sounds pretty stupid to me
and I never ate it again that's
interesting there it's funny is that
pigeons were actually brought here for
food that's was even ironic about us
listen when Mama's fried chicken
Harlem fried chicken next door fried
chicken
Brooklyn fried chicken remember we had
the big chicken meal - it was crowds
fried chicken double crowns fried
chicken all agree yeah you had to get
the hot wings
cuz highways they had to make it right
on the spot the other drug could be in
the window for a long time matter what
you got
all of a sudden pigeon population I pay
attention to the type of shit
peasant population in New York City drop
down we've been doing the movie Ghost
Dog we had to get pigeons from Josie
[Laughter]
drop down and I was like yo dead bird
so so I own operate chicken again puppet
pigeons are edible they're good it's
called squab that's what pigeon is the
famous British name yeah that's pigeons
come on son menus they just call pigeon
anything outside chicken I feel thinking
like you'd be calling anything but
chickens you know this is some some
birds are actually red meat like
sandhill crane you ever see this and
they call it rib eye in the sky it's
crazy
who said this they eat it your red meat
the breast is a red mean it looks like a
steak from a crane from a crane it's
like a bird that flies in the sky giant
ass fucking white bird flies in so this
is on a menu yeah you could get it on
some menus in Texas I believe but it's a
wild game animal I would try wow that's
what it looks like look at it it looks
like Sun I know it looks like steak
that's Suvi my friend that's your style
Suvi
and something that's what it looks like
to see the time yeah crane actually is a
good example of relationships a crane
will fly across the country or the world
whatever go to the mating place with
other homies at right meet somebody fly
home and when of age fly back to the
valley that dude and stay married for
the whole life kid Wow and let's might
shoot them down and final panel of the
Conner look like they look at the wait
be with somebody for that long they
wanna get shot I just wanna be delicious
you see at the heart of that thing is
red meat no the breasts that's what
those images are that pull that image
that's all sandhill crane breasts their
beef yes it's the people I don't care
even though I go to vegan restaurants if
you like vegan fish mm-hmm don't call it
vegan fish right that fish right that's
just food if you want to say or whatever
it is flavored like you know like
barbecue flavored chips or something
like that you could say flavored more
officially flavored fish so you know the
mind is not gonna respond like that they
gotta do something to the mind and makes
it still enticing you know that's ago
that's vegan fur ain't no such thing as
vegan firm but it's not such thing as
vegan fur but if you are vegan mother
you gonna buy that because you heard the
word vegan fur how about vegan leather
of the up a real thing it will work like
that Vetter it were worse about the
feather feather like flatter feather
instead of you do know that's gonna say
alright how about that verb like this a
ver jacket wait you remember pleather
fur is good yeah plastic leather yeah
yeah yo shit a blow-up put the V or
anything with the vo they're gonna buy
sell buy it Vic yeah instead of chicken
you sister V in there Ziggy like how you
do that's my question
alright you can tell a chick she you
want this Vic Vic V in it take the world
vegan and mix arm outside don't tell me
that you're giving me a vegan steak mmm
in a mistake homey steak is a particular
part of the animals that's why we call
it a steak the ham is a particular part
of the animals why it's called the ham
woody thank you about you I don't think
they care about your professional it was
fresh off of a hamburger right so that
means they don't want you get him with
that impossible I've never had it but
the good if you were trying to trick
someone into being a vegan that would be
the way to do it you give them that and
go look you could just start with this
you know tastes a lot lower you miss
burgers just go to this one you need a
burger you have you ever had one no I
have one the problem is this a lot of
oils it's like it's very processed I
think if you're gonna eat vegan you
could eat Whole Foods but the perfect
real food but I don't want you Joe they
want a motherfuck like me they don't
want you to do it to herself
I was like like me I'm not gonna think
about saturated fats right I'm not gonna
think about that shit you know all that
like you was y'all read that shit yeah
but for you tell them I fuckin this
burger is impossible because there's no
meat in it and it's close to me but it's
like even close and I've had that burger
you'll be like this you keep telling
yourself it does it is yeah yeah you up
trying to save money for me when I was
beyond but above it beyond what's better
than impossible at the Brioni mmm both
brand but is it the same thing it's the
same concept but it's different times
more delicious is one more delicious you
gotta ask different people
well let me say the meats we gonna the
impossible burgers only a variable in
restaurants right so you can't really
get it in your crib but to be our
burglar you're right they have products
they got a lot of shit you go to
Gelson's you can get sausage you get
beyond whatever what do you think about
lab-created meets the they're on the
verge and they've already created some
the
they're on the verge being able to
mass-produce like full meat that has
never been in an animal well that's
weird that's the matrix baby what does
the meat definitely an animal it's a
it's bits basically they've taken all
the building blocks for meat and they've
somehow or another
what's with Google how they do it before
I butcher the actual expediting here
come out a makeup that's the matrix we
learn to matron nature you see he was
like yo oh he's eating a steak he's like
I just want to be an important person
but it wasn't he's like it's not a
realistic is just right but this is a
real estate this has all the nutrition
of a real estate but it's not a real
estate right but it is actual flesh it
just was never connected to living on
paper like no it's not you know it's
actual flesh like it has the essential
amino acid profile of steak but it has
nothing to do with an actual organism
like it's never been alive it's not like
you killed it to make it there's some
process by which they are able to create
this that I don't understand and we're
trying to figure out what it is to me
yeah but this is you've got a good point
you got a good point because we don't
know what the fuck is gonna happen to
people can see Joe all that shit is man
they doing this shit already already not
really this is a different thing this is
a different thing and what this is is is
meat without death and I don't know if
it's real no it's I'm sorry I know it's
real in the sense that they they have
done it right I don't know if they can
mass-produce it I don't know if it's
viable and I don't know where they get
it and I understand how the process
starts but if I'm so motherfucking
confused but if you could have it with
no ethical moral or health consideration
if figure if they figure out how to do
it because meat essentially is a bunch
of molecules it's a bunch of particles
it's a bunch of things put together as
people get more and more intelligent and
they have more and more control over
their environment they're going to get
to a point where they can recreate all
life right and meat is a step good
things will be like this how much can
you charge for it well I don't know but
it's like cell phones cell phones used
to be that Michael Douglas thing on the
photo Beach that's what I'm saying
the old man Rick it was probably a lot
of money now everybody's got a goddamn
phone everybody yeah but how much would
they pay but a shitty phone now a $200
phone now it was a goddamn world changer
13 years ago you'd freak people the fuck
out if you had the cheapest
mass-produced Android phone you brought
it to the past you showed people they'd
freak the fuck out yeah I think that's
the same with everything and as the
technology to create viable options for
people who are healthier when they eat
meat but don't want to be a part of
animal agriculture they say that like
maybe this was about three months ago
and it was big about how red meat does
not digest yeah no no they was reversing
it it was basically saying after all
these years well scientists are things
not bad for you isn't that bad for you
so that was it that was it that was the
Amish they go both whoa well here's this
do good look it goes both ways right but
I still say it's good for you did they
say it's bad for you if they got an
individual so you know what is good for
me isn't that right but I will say that
there's a way to create something that
will save other lives yeah creative yeah
right that's that's that's the evolution
of man man should be able to say y'all
you know what we have to kill all these
animals to get a coat right now we don't
have to do that we could form we have a
formula to make a coat that's gonna keep
you just as warm keep you just as serve
the purpose and needs and no nothing has
to die for it right but I'm saying we're
gonna react eight people then well you
could do that the same way with human
human work right if you know you know
you know not to go back to historical
right but machines come and replace the
the mandatory nosov human physical labor
in certain industries right yeah okay
that's better right good so now you
don't have to subjugate somebody to do
that there's no cost-effective friend
it's more cost-effective it's better for
it's more humane in all reality right so
we support that but the catch-22 here
he's got to be conscious of as you know
in your own lifetime right if if
somebody's telling me that I look you
do this and I'm still gonna have my
let's say 70 years on the planet then
here do it but if I'm doing it and
you're gonna turn my 70 years to 50
years I don't want to make that bet you
know I may understand when you're saying
I think that's what how we that's where
we watch out for with anything even with
the what even with the the you know the
vegan diet or the the pillar Tholian
died all these different things if it's
gonna enhance your life that's the
biggest your life
take away your life yeah but you you
talk to me like you I know what you
saying though about diets and here's the
thing about diets is everybody's
different everybody's body is different
people were some people respond better
to a vegan diet than others some people
respond better to a carnivore diet than
others everybody's got a different make
I mean like we were talking earlier
about people being a allergic to peanuts
well people have to make adjustments
there's some people that are allergic to
certain green vegetables now there's
some people have weird reactions to kale
and all kinds of other things
I hate motherfuckers that allergic to
healthy shit like what a my friends tell
you what I do say yo I'm allergic to
pretty much all salads I'm like that's
the first segue it to be healthy salad
these people are allergic to like
basically saying I'm allergic to
vegetables that's crazy some people are
though yeah so girls are calm
did you know that how do I know that
some girls are way too jizz they're
learners and their mans come inside the
reservatol
all over the place and it wouldn't
matter where you go carve your name on
their belly they get read it was one
sucks told me to see that she don't like
water that's it I don't like what I like
I don't like water she don't drink water
Yeah right that's not gonna but did
she'd not like it because it makes her
feel bad or did she not like because she
prefers flavor you know what that's a
good point because some people like when
like water some people like I don't like
what a why cuz it tastes like what
something like I don't like water
because it don't taste like sugar or
anything is in it let me tell you
something man I do hot yoga I do it a
couple days a week I dunno I need
90-minute classes and water is delicious
well you are sweating and it's a hundred
five degrees in that room you're holding
these poses and sweat is dripping off
therefore it and you got a 64-ounce you
just like what it does to fill it with
ice and water you want that water I do
could be a diet coke or a fucking glass
of milk I wouldn't touch those things
then we're right for that water when I'm
when I have time I average oh I'm from
my era oh I remember it going from only
time you got water was that a water
fountain water faucet water hose yeah
nobody had bottled water and when when
when they started my mother thought it
was a devil when they started charging
motherfuckers for water listen when they
started trying to be water my mother was
like no ain't no I could go right home
and get water and I saw I go from charge
like McDonald's like they blade like
extra for water I started I sort of
changed from that to bottling and having
a tag saying 99 cents for a bottle water
yeah would you pay for the bottle dollar
rock the water is top half and bottled
water in the studio like so many people
have complained and they're all right
everyone's right I listen to the good
plan my guy yeah I got other things
think about but do i what what what can
we figure do about this who had done
producing Donald's podcast can we figure
out a bottle of water is this is just
bring the conundrum into a good full
place commander my fellow everybody's
cup every time is gonna waste more water
potentially than this guy works for Dick
Cheney
well we what I come to containers I
thinking like a glass bottle
yeah person that comes in look at that
big brother I mean we clean him after
every show we have a giant jugnu fill up
a glass bottle so that people what about
it people know you're recycling does
that make a different makes me feel like
a better person if they know you're
recycling what makes me feel like a
better person if they think I'm a better
person I'm like again some people just
never gonna give a fuck about plastic
I'm one of them all
you can do you can bury there you can
show me the edibles eternal
fuck about plastic hot yoga
I love it did it today nine minutes
reason why I want to go back to that
because the idea of how water tastes hey
and I wanna it goes back to me look this
way this guy yeah
Stephens he killed it okay dude rare
dude that everybody loves everybody
loves the only reason I said that case
you know I don't know I know you say
just gonna do comedy but I didn't know
if you gonna crack a joke so I just
wanna let you know if you cracked a joke
that I don't know how hard you go you
just start beating it up uh-huh yeah no
I have some information I was going back
to the idea of water yeah tasting good
right and as well as any type of food
and drink right all that tastes better
after hard work yes so after you doing
your hot yoga and you sweaty and you put
that hard work in now you understand you
appreciate the water yes so what I teach
my children right is hard work when Adam
when the most heart told Adam he said
man shall work to the sweat of his brow
now we may have a job that don't make us
sweat you know right but if you ain't
working out or doing something physical
to make your body physically yearn the
reward of working out which is the
nutrients that you have to be punished
yeah after you have burnt them out you
know I mean then you're not gonna ever
taste water you ain't gonna be able to
bite into a piece of celery and like and
feel it I know you don't think I respect
celery I know you know what you just
said I know that's the only thing that
you gonna get that burst it is not like
you get some celery then got that
motherfucker pop with no string of none
doing just a clear bite so I know you
and I know you looked at me again but
the water this is size celery I know you
don't think I respect it I respect this
do you like celery or peanut butter I
like celery anything like celery
I could just eat it like I could just
eat celery I like celery peanut butter
like celery well hummus you know I know
how good a peach taste celery if you
lift weights and then you eat a peach a
juicy cold peach you bite into that
fucking thing you said you said you
gotta do something in your life to
appreciate right some people that's
drinking right like you you wanna know
maybe I like you right now I'm not
saying right now I'm not gonna do this
with you I'm not doing this if you talk
about being nice positive be nice we're
both drinking I'm drinking too something
has to like you've been drinking like
the best time you appreciate water is at
night after heavy drinking like you've
been your pal is endings minute that's
an alcohol alcohol you you had that
feeling where you had some drinks one
night till next day you drink some ice
cold water you like god damn who the
fuck invented this simple it's simple
it's the same way you need it but till
your body was like asking for asking for
it you're right right but when you're
drunk and you drinking that water you
feel like an asshole
like God what the fuck only a person
could appreciate drinking only person
can't drink appreciate water what he
drinking is a professional drinker
because in their mind like this I can do
this with one glass of water yeah the
average motherfucker is drinking
they ain't give a fuck about that ratio
a buddy of mine drank with jean-claude
Van Damme back in the day professional
jean-claude Van Damme was a pro he said
he would ever drink and he brought a
gallon of water with exactly a gallon so
he would have a drink and then BAM
fuckers chose water that's the only way
he rolled just kept running the bathroom
taking a piss and coming by when he
drank he drank with a gallon of water
and whatever the fuck he was throwing
down
I'm actually party in the top ten master
drinkers Wow now if you ever if you ever
really want to get a crazy night of
drinking and see if you can hang hang
time I'll just put his glass down but
but uh you know so that's that's that's
the challenge anybody who ever catch me
on the right day want to challenge me
but my brother the virus says
something's really cool about drinking
and smoking and everything right because
at one point you know all hip-hop I'm
abusing it right I'm just you know just
whatever yo bonk bonk bonk bonk bonk he
says listen he said listen y'all again
how y'all drinking for nothing no
celebration you did he said use you
drank after you complete something and
then you celebrate that's right he said
that I took that I took that as
realization and I strive to give myself
a reason yes celebrate give yourself
that's a beautiful philosophy for life
give yourself a reason so right yo you
early yes yo can we celebrate this so
many people that a fan of yours spill
over to the fans and minds and I get so
many tweets and when are you gonna go on
the Joe Rogan let's celebrate that and
that's what we're celebrating today I
mean I've been I've been hearing about
you reading about you listening to you
and my friends and my peers that's
enough that's an honor because who me
I've been listening to your music
forever
and so I appreciate you guys
tremendously will tell you that your
collaboration with Rage Against the
Machine Boutin Clan ain't nothing to
fuck with is the greatest collaboration
in all of rap rock with that the second
place maybe Run DMC and Aerosmith but to
me
my generation Rage Against the Machine
and wu-tang Clan ain't nothing to fuck
with is the ultimate workout can I have
a Woodson fuckin song man if you're
doing deadlifts and that song wu-tang
Tiger style I got one question was
wu-tang sorry I like the way you start
the quest of this you like this and you
still agree syllables yo okay let me say
wu-tang the vision in the design of
wu-tang was it designed to fall apart
and when I say fall apart was it design
we're a group of individuals that were
getting their equal due respect needed a
bigger platform so everybody see him at
one time together you were bigger were
you designed to elevate what I'm saying
with profile of all them all the members
and the reason the reason I said this
years ago years ago years ago years ago
I had a sketch group years ago here's a
glad to schedule it was 12 motherfuckers
everybody had different person knowledge
everybody was dope everybody could be
started at different writing whatever
but nobody had the plan to get the
people to see that everybody is nice
right right I would say this right
wu-tang was designed right to come
together for a common cause right
and that cause of course being to
express our art to rise ourselves out of
poverty and the feed off families so
that was that was a foundation but it's
not designed to fall apart
in fact wu-tang that's why on our second
album it's called wu-tang forever breath
meaning no matter what we do no matter
if I go make movies or Method Man make
movies or you go write books you come
back together yeah we always got to come
back but this will change forever
but hold on finish last night but now to
put us all on the same like to expose it
all
the world through one outlet yeah see
that it had to be there it had to be
that and the reason why I said it cuz I
had my sketch group I have my schedule
years ago Scott secret society when I
was doing that I had this manager and
she came this was before today Chappelle
show
it just thing I was like watching you
bro look and I'm and then I said I said
I'm one of the managers working with she
was like the name our group was secret
society she said I had Mike Epps I had
monkey I had read grand so bad my father
and and she said Daniel I think secret
side is falling apart I said Nick it was
supposed to fall apart it was supposed
to fall to play but what it's fault
whether it was fault does it land
somewhere you could grow something else
like I knew it was only three people
that were gonna be stars but it was four
other people that were gonna be writers
right right it was two other enough
mother fucker that was gonna be it was a
different shit but we needed dad okay I
got you there so he doesn't so force
will fall apart that were you said fall
apart I didn't mean it like you made
more likes credit spread his wings yeah
and like even though like when I said
that I mean it like even though like
everybody for the most part everybody
want to be a superstar
everybody had the chops everybody wasn't
a superstar right and it's proven to
this day some people's like this can
sweat this motherfucker and wrote on
eight different shows we won right
this dude is toured in Europe we want
exactly you know I'm saying it was like
when I say fall apart it was like it was
gonna go to here and then it was just
gonna be letting it fall i dis yo you
know it was good we all got it that
they're strong enough kids exist
independently in different areas I
always come back together if there are
two that's why we called ourselves like
wu-tang forms like Voltron you watch
Voltron yes yes each of the Lions yeah
well you lead the blazing sword
everybody got to come together yeah
boats are so so we took that philosophy
and we knew that within all of our crew
that any one of us was first of all whoo
tang there's a bunch of alphas it was it
wasn't like what right it was a little
sucker dude nobody wouldn't get Jesus
fit but you
[Laughter]
it doubled up what it built 90s night
behind these baggy yes yeah yeah we know
back in those days you may have won
three pair pairs right yeah and in the
summer
yeah but not but the night but the main
thing is that to be able to you know I
made to have the Alpha energy right and
they come to a to us and to our industry
that was lacking that he had mystical
philosophy behind it too of course but
that was the thing about it it's like
wu-tang was inexorably connected to kung
fu right like there was like there was
that's the wall yes if he was a part of
the music man it was like there was a
thing about you guys that you were
spiritual there was like there's an
intelligence and then of course you had
ODB who was off the rails what was
beautiful about it
is that you you guys all existed
together you know what I'm saying and
like even though you had this sort of
spiritual kung-fu
kind of energy to it you also had people
just off the rails partying but New York
niggas used to have a fucking wu-tang
side easy knew wouldn't even know
whoopers in this that was like oh
like I don't know if there's ever been a
group that you could just mention that
anybody from wu-tang was there it was a
whole bunch of garbodor tour has the
fake Cappadonna oh my god he did get
caught - he got about 70 grand and some
like where was it in Baltimore Atlanta
but he does it at all
just hang out Carrie cuz you didn't
because someone is so many of us you
might not know how a motherfucker look
you're not gonna know when they start
getting and did you think about this I
would did they we got kids who can't
kids that is like we had to point now
I'm always go woo kids gang try to have
kids baby oh my god the most well the
most beautiful thing though you know
that's the beauty of art creativity and
and being you know the spiritual aspect
the the Alpha aspect all these aspects
multiplied us to be a unique version of
the American Dream and when you look at
you know we did the documentary of
Mike's and Men on Showtime and you can
see that that it's more like it's like
the lotus leaf grows out of mud right
but it's the symbol of Buddhism which is
all this peace and beauty but it grows
out of mud we like that which grew out
of the mud and then when you go and
watch our whole new series the American
saga right you get to see like this
group of men weren't always on the same
page wasn't always there's no way trans
with each other and I think the biggest
thing that I learned by pitting the TV
show on Hulu is that there's other
chairs across America
in a similar situation yes right so so
there's a scene where it's the
soundtrack to life right but I just dare
talk about like there's other kids that
are hearing this that they can resonate
this make sense
right yeah so get my first drum machine
I have the you know get it by illegal
means right and think about how about
how many people talk about how many
people you know leave something to do
something but don't have the means to
get it and some may cross the line you
know at the end of the day the way I
really got my equipment right you know I
definitely try to do anyway to get it
but I didn't get it by stealing it right
I had the hustle but sure one of yours
oh you want it you didn't just want to
get it for say I got you one because you
wanted to do something with use it right
that's a difference I sold apples
oranges newspapers socks I'm on those
socks guys have you better New York back
in the day you know whatever cuz we're
you bombed out 25th Street you get maybe
you'll get a dozen for 30 bucks right
then you can sell them with 10 hours of
peso you get a dozen packs for 30 bucks
with six in a pack you go uptown right
and you sell them for $10 just for the
whole package but you gotta find a
neighborhood at knees socks you just get
going neighborhood it got a lot of sucks
but anybody
but opposite is this use the uptown
right account usually people go uptown
to buy the clothes high-end clothes no
no you go home town to get no you get if
you get drunk from uptown
Oh drugs like although I could get a
hung out with with drugs uptown way to
get back downtown selling for $200 yeah
they had the best race or any drug you
ever night but then you can buy drugs
you could buy a bounce
uptown right and sell it downtown or we
even take it to back to Staten Island
you've got a triple your money
so satin islands three do these light
with your money like the village is to
here like that okay if you go out of
state you may find and that's what all
the New York motherfucker was coming
down to DC and Virginia but socks you
buy downtown take it out town because
the drug bill is a flight it gonna have
please it's so late so now they're
buying the socks with $10 that you pay
you $5 do you remember the ad VHS tape
so people sit in the back of the movie
theater I'm a film the movie and make a
VHS they'd set up all your quarter don't
worst the worst relationship ever
terrible but if you but but then that's
the same time that's when um VCR just
came in so it didn't matter the quality
you just had to have something to put in
the fucking new technology yeah you know
what you know what of art form or
whatever um
supports new technology always deal with
porno whenever with your son it's true
whenever there's a new weather's from
beta to VHS to CD it's porno debt gets
people to buy explore to new technology
pave the way that paved away I don't
know de yeah because there's so many
people that are jerking off there's this
it's an unsatisfiable quantity you can't
you
you always can count on them people are
always gonna jerk off to porn so how'd
you get it to them quicker how do you
get it to them funny rewinding - like CD
- a lake - now all you need is tag words
well the way we think about people
stealing music or people stealing comedy
like they think about stealing porn so
if you go to certain sites where it's
just free and you just watch porn
apparently the people that make it they
don't get a piece of that so someone's
making a ton of money and the other
people are stealing yo you need to get
somebody in between you making your
argument I see what you're saying but I
mean isn't it it's something it's a
commodity it's a thing just like a Joey
postal commodity yeah yeah in a way I
mean if you create something like it's
legal if you legal if it's legal rather
and you hire cameraman you pay an actor
you pay an actress you let them fuck you
give them a certain amount you film it
and then that's yours
and then someone takes that and then
they put it up on their website and then
you could watch it for free and they
sell advertising space and they make
money off it at all that's infringing
yeah it's it's no different than if they
downloaded a wu-tang album and then they
started selling it they put it on a
website and then put ads connected to
that wu-tang out so then that means they
need to get better lawyers because a
better story
guys with that one album that that that
drug pharmacy dude Martin with his name
boscorelli squirrely he he actually got
ahold of one of your outlets at an
unreleased wu-tang the reality of it is
that it's now said in a
temperature-controlled rule in the
Department of Justice really yeah so
it's his he owns it still well he's you
know he's uh he's incarcerated right
right right right and so so Lee I think
a lot of his assets has been seized by
the government and including that album
so those songs have never been released
all right look at that fucking thing
yeah beautiful one that guy's gotta be
brilliant that's the way I could buy
that off for him for real
how do I look right here how dope with
that look it'll be beautiful right here
but I would release that online or
release it with you or let you really I
buy it maybe free though I don't give a
fuck whatever you want but that the
sitting there makes no sense to me
and that box looks dope and I know that
guys in jail you figure out a way to get
it how about you boy and you know what
that says right there I tell you what do
you dope right here though it would I
tell you one thing yeah I did have a
conversation with the gentleman right
with Martin yeah I said listen yo cuz he
had a you know yeah a lot of bad things
going on phone I said yo if I was you I
would take this chance to do
philanthropy and I would give this away
to the public if I was help yes they
store how much here talking from the
public yeah but he was the net like we
talked about early he wasn't a nice
person he didn't want to give the
impression it was a nice person he
wanted to be I don't give a fuck and
what you say was - he was having too
much fun it was understood consequences
I think he was doing that no fuck didn't
he was he thought look he's a kid wasn't
he born into money no where'd he make
his money no he made his money in a
pharmaceutical industry he was he was
emigrate Paris who was like janitors but
he wasn't like born to this company
no so he was a part of the company he's
what I couldn't be I think more thing to
hear he had tenacity more than anything
oh okay never experienced the public eye
like he did with this whole
pharmaceutical crisis where he's
overcharging for it was aids Minelli's
probably did but I think that his point
he wanted he wanted to be known as that
guy he was he was a smart dude he wanted
to be known as that got him on being a
supervillain this polluter but he didn't
want to be on a low mega-money he tried
to be on the podcast he reached out to
me yeah that would have been interesting
but I didn't tell I'm here to I suggest
to you
yeah whatever but I didn't tell them I
mean me I'm a type of person I'm always
going to try to see some advice in a
positive form right that's just my
personality all right listen bro the
talking shit about you in the world
don't look good for you whoo tang is
good that's what ltzen fella yeah yeah
I say if I was you
I'll take this opportunity to do
something good how about this how about
this
maybe he sells me the box and then we
released the the music I'll buy the
whole thing from him and then we'll
release it I don't know if he's got it
he wants to sell it
he's locked up for how long though he's
just lost as a pill so oh the thing can
you sell shit while you're in jail we've
played Monopoly and you in jail it's
your turn used to play over the house
how many songs um 24 so that is
ridiculous I think me personal needs to
be released I think I don't
my personal plea nobody in the history
of music has been able to make an idea
or sodas never heard art art like right
to be quite honest it might only be no
mother for the songs in there it's more
valuable
it's legend never being heard oh never
being cracked right didn't release you
release it then you set it up for people
to be critical of it can't gotta give
the opinion the opinion is there was
something so dope Ted we could just
break it down to one gonna fucking like
what was the thought process button well
from my point of view right it was just
like that was how from my point of view
music was
devalued right by streaming service by
society right how do streaming of course
right illegal downloading illegal
downloads right if you want let's talk a
little bit of business I won't go to
know give me two minutes of business all
right so let's just take Napster right
who's the founder right this type of
technology right
and he takes millions of songs and gives
them away and then now people are
getting all these songs for free now the
music industry like any other industry
has a certain quota of business it does
every year like every other industry
right whether it's four billion dollars
a year five billion dollars a year it's
the industry of a group of people and
that's their yearly quota
so if Napster comes right and and and he
takes all these songs where all these
people who are waiting for their
publishing checks waiting for the
economics to be created for music now
there's no publishing check all the
numbers are now decrease because there's
no physical sell of their music for us
to accumulate a value to send you a
check but then at the end of the day
after he does that he gets a billion
dollars so now you took in what belongs
to let's say say there's a thousand
artists that's worth value and for us
you know that sell records that you
could say accumulate money right so he
took it took the power of a thousand and
put it in one man's hand okay so that's
one of the first mistakes as an industry
when you make and then the second
mistake we make is that now their
services going and there's illegal
downloads and people won't pay a dollar
for the record right right and for album
you won't pay ten to twelve hours for
album even the save was twenty dollars
you won't pay that but you'll pay three
hundred four hundred hours for your
headphones well two or three dollars for
your iPod or your phone and you using it
for music let me ask you this what's
that's that's without your headphones
without music you have oh this is
useless right so why would you not pay
the ten twenty hours for the music cuz
they don't have to right right because
they don't get it some other way
but let me ask you this what is the best
way to support artists what's the best
way to buy it well the best way to buy
narrowly
No yeah yeah now your music Tang Clan
anybody's music what's the best way get
the most out of it well the best way in
the past was physical but now the
industry has figured out how to monetize
the digital streaming so now things are
starting to rebalance but during this
period of time though maybe within the
last three four years it's starting to
rebalance but if you look at from 2000
to 2015
there's a total unbalanced right a lot
of artists had to stop making music
because there's no economics right
now I'll group like the wu-tang clan
right so let's just say this I say the
average verse for a wolf a purr you know
let's say you're a metal you get a
little good sixteen you might be y'all
tell you don't know what 16 is to say yo
don't be 20 cent for that right okay
20,000 Joe okay so now let's just say he
got 10 verses on this album
you know I'm a let's say every other
group member do the same so to get the
guitar album made it may cost a million
dollars a studio session a studio
session is up to let's say at a cheapest
level 100 bucks an hour you do it to do
a 12 hour block out that's another grand
a day just to get into the studio but
you got to engineer there you got so it
costs money to create music right but
now you get all this done and you want
to sell it and somebody just the world
just takes it for free so now you can't
recreate it again now even though the
tools have gotten easier now and you
could do a lot with your laptop and all
that even a laptop is - geez bro even
though the download just logic right
with everybody you $200 man and so you
need a socially so so it's merchandise
and brand now it's merchandise and brand
is merchandise and being able to take
the idea of that brand if you're a fan
but if you're a fan what's the best way
disciplinary whenever you what's the
best way to plan what's the best way to
support is it Apple music like what is
what is the best one iTunes know that
you now narrow everything gets found
this way other words that you could
stream is good and you can stream it
Spotify skills modifiers good you could
download it directly to your phone if
you
fusion perfections two fans like what's
the best way to support wu-tang clan
what's the best way to accumulate music
require music I mean if I just they're
all good now like streaming yeah I think
it's balanced obviously the tunes how's
this Amazon look music's the second
thing the catch-22 here Joe is this okay
now music is also made to be heard
yes so while at one point I try to prove
a point by saying look I'm gonna put a
value on it so you know there's a value
to it because there's a value to me but
then on the other point right we put I
put another album out called it better
tomorrow which is like y'all do what you
want with that you know outcome because
I don't make music for me to listen to
I'm making for the world and listen to
it at the same time so the best way to
support your artists is just by
listening to the music alright would you
it's beautiful but so this is good
though this is cuz I've always wanted to
know this cuz I've always I've always
been like what do i do do I do iTunes do
i do amazon like where do you get the
most money back from yeah I think look I
think the system has found the way to
balance itself okay so it's okay now
yeah so Spotify is good you know sliema
you know Sleeman look you know I mean I
think even Taylor Swift is thinking
about coming over to the swimming thing
that dirty girl don't come to streams
yeah because because because that's the
way to listen now as long if she gets a
good deal right I'll be like you said
just the whole thing in the day is play
fair yes like you know what you can say
I don't want this streaming service but
somebody has to have a platform for
people to even come check for you yes
things need to know fancies knowing what
a give I'm a fan and you know $14 is not
too much money for me to spend I need to
know where to spend it with if I could
if there's one place you could tell me
that's the best way to support wu-tang
clan as a fan right and I had the money
to spend you know I would definitely you
know I would buy the vinyl right Wow
because it's tangible right because it's
there's a tangible spending money right
okay you get a buy physical of yeah
physical for physical especially a
record like you buy the vinyl yeah
there's a killer that's so funny that
you said it because I know people of
certain
blah blah blah this like this oh shit
they want audio rights to something
so taking put it on vinyl and then the
value is the history the story like a
motherfucker one of vinyl wu-tang
because it's art just like what they do
one joy it's alright and like you said
we talked about it earlier it's coming
back yeah it's coming back now I'm not
saying he's gonna go to clubs or
anything like that and the DJ's like
that but the act of collecting something
and take it take home with you every
member CDs CDs is like this technology
is about to die why would I buy this CD
because it has a book albums were weed
or they give you a giant piece of
rolling paper yeah yeah yeah and that
was the last thing and I don't see what
you did but I don't see people doing
that but I think it's gonna go back
nobody's everybody's not gonna have 12
hundreds in your house or whatever but
some people especially if it's a genre
or something did you connect with
they're gonna be like I want to buy that
well you know what's important though
for fans we don't know for a long time
okay it's okay no you go talk shit what
I leave do you like this you probably
wouldn't go for a lot of fans they don't
know like they don't know what it
there's no clearly established what's
the best way to support an artist it's
more great now than ever but like I said
if you look the physical act of going
somewhere right right and by is
something uh you know it's a
give-and-take it's an act like going to
a restaurant you go there look the food
is three times the price of cooking at
home right but it's a physical act so if
you really love an artist right it's
just like I just got the arms I paid
$100 for the soundtrack to the once upon
a time where Hollywood soundtrack $100
yeah there's a hundred dollars for this
hour it's a collector's that they had
like a collector
valeu okay down at the Grammy Museum I
saw it I was like I'm gonna take this
some some you know some great songs on
it
what's the band that made Cherokee
Nation hmm anyway point being Becky
people the Cherokee people
Cherokee haven't you made that one yeah
who the fuck made that Cherokee people
what is it
Cherokee who made that what is it
find anybody that Paul Revere and the
Raiders yeah okay that's a bold move
George Washington the dudes in the boat
but point being made is I wanted that
vital yes I wanted a yeah I paid my
hundred dollars for it right and I
walked out the store with it you know I
mean yeah it's just like comic books you
know I just got a first issue of the new
x-men I actually bought it for meth so
when I see him I'm gonna give it to him
but because he loves comic books and I
was in a I was in our own when I was at
st. not st. Louis at the st. Louis I was
anyway I wasn't that of you it had a
comic book store there I went in there
and I was like yo they had the first
issue of the new x-men bought that and
plastic that in my bag and of course you
go go online and you could do but the
physical tangible thing I think is the
best way to support artists and then you
and if you in our day the way artists
actually make the most economics it's do
live concerts so the only way that's
gonna work is if somebody hear your
music so I always tell fans look just
listen you know I mean listen enjoy you
know we creating something for you to
understand or for you to fill a vibe or
for me to take you to my location I
casual everything around me we're taking
you back to New York the New York crime
side you know thanks oh man and then
when you come down and you get that song
in your DNA and you come to a concert
and you see us perform it then we have a
symbiotic relationship you learn a song
that's how I said that's beautiful
because you giving them a physical
object yeah I think it's important I
think you're right man that's why I want
that God
box where are you Martin get out of jail
sell me that box bitch come on
how much do you think he'll sell it for
if you had to guess how much do you buy
it for oh he had it I mean I think they
bought it what - two million I think I
think he had it all exactly I don't obey
I'm gonna release it for free I'm gonna
release it if that's okay with you if
it's not tell me and you guys can sell
it but we need to have that that needs
to be released twenty one twenty four
twenty five twenty five songs get the
fuck out of here let's make this happen
man Martin well yeah cause you like
collect call listenin Martin Martin when
you get out I need the box for the desk
Martin wow did you arm so so wow so now
that Darnell's guard I could talk about
is the best man we finally got him to do
a podcast I chained him and to do in one
episode that he already did right right
because he didn't want to come here and
tell me that he hadn't done it yet so he
did one and then we're gonna take that
one Jamie's gonna produce it and edit it
he's over there saying is that like
we're gonna do it together but we'll
promote it I'll promote it on Instagram
I just been trying to get him do it
forever you know he's a goddamn natural
natural
he's a natural he makes me cry you can't
be stopped now you said you'd do hot
yoga are you insane
anything's in there like what's what's
it what shit is it all physical with
yoga for you or something no it's what
it's it's a mind cleansing thing as much
as it's a physical cleansing thing cuz
it's all about concentrating on my
breath and ignoring all the fucking
ideas to keep darting in and out of my
head it's just like meditation in the
sense that I'm trying to calm myself
down and center myself and I'm trying to
cleanse myself so when I'm holding poses
and I'm concentrating on my breathing
what it does is it eliminates all of the
stuff that I don't necessarily want in
my head right it allows me to manage my
mind better and I think that's the thing
that is
misunderstood about yoga because in my
opinion and I've done both I've done
regular meditation and I've done
physical exercise I think there's a
benefit a great unrecognized benefit to
physical meditation and I find that in
yoga I find that martial arts yeah I
don't know if you find that as well so
definitely yeah because you have you
have still meditation fucking stupid
lights man we gotta fix it Jamie and I
have been talking about it for three
years whatever to the chest son the way
the chest oh got read sorry being
refilled with terrifying concoctions so
we talked about physical any day
meditation right and still meditation so
as I say like there's a meditation where
you just sit still
yeah and you just breathe and actually
won't hang right so I'll give you a
little Tang law so what and the story is
there's a monk named Chang san-feng who
leaves Shaolin Temple because he feels
that the physical exercise is not the
pure way to enlightenment mmm right he
thought that the kung fu was to external
right too many complications by ego and
so he returned so he'd be treats to the
mountain and he goes for enter lukang
fool but in the process of doing
internal kongfu such as Tai Chi Tsing Yi
BA kua right like these techniques like
this this is they called the ACE peace
brocade will you just sit you know I'm a
and you just do very small movements you
first you bang on the back of your ears
it's called banging on the heavily drums
to open up the back of your brain like
if you do that right now if you clap
make sense if you cover your ears right
if you take the headphones off right and
you cover your ears like this you take
your thumb like that and you okay of
course just louder right you hear right
oh it gives you a little rhythm right so
you do that first right and that's just
to open up your your brain like to open
that up right you do it.why inhale and
exhale it bouncing again and yang like
that's one of the blow case and it so
you've made these eight pieces of
brocade right brocade brocade means I've
got something is blocked right
right Kade right so you want to open it
up but open up these open up your your
main vessels you know me okay cause
being your ears your eyes your nose your
mouth you know that goes back to Jesus
and the seven churches what is the seven
churches that Jesus spoke to the seven
churches where he spoke to the two hours
the two loaves two holes in your nose
your mouth you to it so he's speaking to
a man say out of his mouth came a
double-edged sword the sward of course
no so I can come out of your mouth your
tongue is that sword double-edged
exactly yeah so a wool shouts all the
preachers to be well before the carnal
IGAs party becomes so so we'll take
itself right
this guy leaves the temple goes to the
maryland the meditate and he's dealing
with still meditation right but in all
reality when you mix it together wu-tang
in Shaolin you have the physical and the
steel meditation and it takes both to
actually find this level of
enlightenment you're looking for
so when Bodhi Dharma came the Shaolin he
actually came from India so bodhidharma
was an Indian monk who was more of a
yoga student he comes to Shaolin and
he's trying to teach them the Indian Way
but he realized that all the monks are
too weak to sit there and they're still
meditation and so he created something
called the low hands right on the 18 low
hands or right and and he these forms
and these steps were made so that now
they could do a physical movement to
build their body up so now they could
meditate longer because you could have a
strong mind what's the use of a strong
mind without a strong body and what's
the use of a strong body without a
strong mind hmm so that's the yin and
yang must be balanced and so that's the
Shaolin the Moot a philosophy so when we
made one turn Claire and I'll go back to
myself with this we may will taint
Claire as the name of our crew we took
the verse from the Bible about the SS
water Jesus speaking right we said
okay we're gonna use our words and our
wisdom and our spirituality to talk to
the world through our music right but we
also took that in the wu-tang law they
said the wu-tang Marshall our monks they
develop the best sword style right so
we're like well we're the wu-tang we
have the best sword style mmm but we
come from Shaolin because that's the the
well with springs forth right and so we
took the physical of Shaolin as our base
the spiritual the meditate force of Wu
tank and we put it together and our
album starts off if what you say is true
the Shaolin and the wu-tang could be
dangerous oh my god that's that's
hip-hop history ladies and gentlemen I
need a would I need a wound name sir
yo give me a wu-tang name I don't know I
gotta go to that name jittery desert
yeah you name jittery me
no how do you do it you can't change who
you are the words won't change your
essence I just want to your essence is
donnell rawlings there's no escaping
that show I respect what you're saying
understand that and it still went out yo
when I did that show Halloween with um
Kevin Smith
there was this louis MO tearing
generator arrogant dreamer
come on man Aaron get dreamers pretty
girl take it out like that
listen when I was doing that I'm Kevin
Smith show Halloween yeah there was a
part where I mean I mean I owned a
dispensary I'm in there right and I
smoked weed and the only time I think I
could spit is when I smoked weed
so I'm smoking weed and I just was doing
these bars and at the end of every one I
said wu-tang at the end of every one I
say we'll take in Kevin Smith know me
every time I text him he's like wu-tang
forever the Dame says I should alter
this is what this is my pitch to him for
the Halloween show like they know every
time I was right it's like yo nigga
wu-tang forever what wu-tang forever so
we had I pitched a scene where all I'm
saying is will tell you tang and I'm
gonna dispensary right and then you know
how to security cams and shit I would
like it'd be like it was in motherfucker
say is wu-tang the actual wu-tang show
up to the weed spot and that's the thing
I punch way all my raps with I sure you
know you know what David they did have a
lot of jokes with wu-tang in it right
and I really appreciate I love our music
yes beautiful manhattoes on the show but
he did one wu-tang joke right that that
fucked me up so watch it
didn't we Netflix specials right it was
the first one and so me my wife's be
excited yo Dave boom he put it on and we
watch it and we die laughing and then he
he goes into the the scene where he does
like he's at a party and he had the
transgender do fall out and all that and
everything and then he then he goes you
know he don't understand
you know how you know how somebody do
that like you know I mean like what does
somebody do this you know did this chop
the dick off butyne bang they just keep
going I was like what what the fuck was
like we both had a mess ain't nothing
like for the first three minutes
mr. white
right next fucking huh next fucking day
I'm somewhere and me in an elevator and
boom it hits me could they stay on my
fucking mind
right I fucking start dying laughing it
was a punctuated no no well so what was
the difference with what you thought the
joke did you didn't get but what made
you get it
well maybe get it was just I'm trying it
because David's David's a genius yo his
shit is crazy all right it's like a
luring you want to get the vine when you
get the ROM right but so well he was
saying he said he don't understand how a
man chopped his dick off
so with a man do a mantle go decibels we
the reason this guy tell what you got I
figure I got then I got was the phrase
you could say there's a dude that was
affiliated with with us right
don't say Philly before he was a routine
he was wu-tang say listen it wasn't part
of the wu-tang clan all right all right
I gotta give you a test before we go
further I don't want to test I agree
with you
founders from the Shaolin wu-tang clan
strikes again the versa
the jusa dirty bastard inspect the deck
Raekwon the chef u-god okay Ghostface
Killah
and horse and master killed in come
better make wanderer in New York right
now for the jets-giants game right yes
of course Cappadonna and master killer
and a lot of mathematics and sometimes
even red man a street life but but check
it out
but this soul so we had other groups be
silent Northstar actually Sarnoff star
assigned the Black Knights both West
Coast groups
so some some for long beach some from
compton you know and uh you know with a
lot of songs with them talented young
brothers so one of the members of the
North Star sown doubt his own dog so now
one of them drugs you talk sold out and
they call him you do it to care I don't
what they call it yeah oh there's a word
for it dogs what's it what's the word
when you do it cast we just guess it had
to get the word brother okay so now so
he cast raised itself right so now
that's the punchline of his joke
the punchline is like cuz this do for no
reason it was a callback yeah elevator
like 24 hours later oh my god that bit
as a long fuse yes yeah but Dave Dave
does got those kind of joke oh man I
remember when we were on a road when
that actually was the news right and he
was like woo time punctuated so much in
anything whatever you do for fun anyway
for anything wu-tang forever you so when
a member or at least an affiliated
member of the wu-tang cuts off his dick
and yeah he doesn't he could have been
like a nephew a wolf you did he glue
that nephew or whatever you know what's
so crazy about that incident first of
all that it was literally funny but it
was hurtful in the sense like when it
happened I wasn't I was doing a TV show
called gang milady right and so you know
like I would go like say it happening on
the night it happened the next night is
the cast well the whole cast get
together and this shit is the news this
is like on every network there be TMZ
this is like old shit and I'll come in
the room and I say what the fuck
happened like yeah but I'm telling you
the thing about is like I don't know
what should you do to represent your
gangster but cutting your dick off is
the most go hard shit a motherfuckers
good it's hard
right now that's like next level there's
next level now homie so so I had a buddy
with me at the time Paul banks from
Interpol and we worked on the album and
so he saw me as like dumb damn Bobby you
look kind of fucking the press I see oh
man like I don't like the way that sound
man right he's like you know I mean it
is like that depressed it feels you know
feel man
and so first of all I'll take not found
in the history of mean of my study I
never heard of a man chopping his own
shit off this is biblical to yourself
right so Mahabharata and we said to him
what he said he's I listened he party
was really fucked up probably really
fucked up yeah I said but then you know
verse and then they say he jumped out
the window over the balcony but dick off
jumping over it did hit full stride
would hit down
no no so so so my man Paul said this he
said I think he was so lonely he jumped
how can you get that check it out he
said I think he was sober when he jumped
and he would only give me this whole
story about one of his friends that
would had a problem here because he had
to console me right now I'm kind of
puzzled so he's like I'm fucked
he's trying to control me and he told me
I say yeah but he didn't die he said
yeah he didn't die cuz he wasn't gonna
die like you know I mean so gave me a
little metaphor my head so he said I had
a friend who used to drink and shit and
one night he had a problem what he in
one night he was in a hotel and he laid
on the fucking the the balcony of a
window right and he said and I said yo
get the fuck off that and the windows
over said he fought this way he's going
down ten stories but if you go this way
says hit the floor he's in the room and
that's that's the whole thing
he said that he went this way people
will now every 10 surahs but during the
fall he sobered up but when he hit the
ground he didn't die he became
quadriplegic the dick cut off motherfuck
no no no no this is the dista this dog
what point being made is that you ain't
gonna go with till it's time to go right
or wondrously so you think you kill
yourself
it ain't happen if you cut your dick off
and you survived eh that's the time to
go hold on hold on but so so the idea is
was he sober when he jumped and so and I
had the chance to speak to him
right I sent him a Quran you know and I
was like I think you know look my have
to get into some studies brother cuz you
know it's so so so so anyway I sent him
to karana buddy hold you down off of
that and then I said uh I said let me
ask you a question and the question was
you know did you know when you jump you
know what you say yeah he's like for
that moment like it was everything else
was whatever it was and you know you
could read this story and he says why he
says what happened in the story but when
he jumped he that was the moment of
sobriety and and for me that was like
man that's the way to jump when he cut
his dick off that was at the moment of
sobriety it's it's after okay you know
when you ever do some shit you ever been
fucked up yeah you do some shitty Oh Oh
like like I had a really bad sexual
thing mad man it was one of the sex
nights you know I was put up I kind of I
kind of had like a blanket over me and
was going to room the room fucking girls
was like it was one of them like bad sex
drug in your system I'm fucking
everybody tonight
against the grain but then there's that
moment right right yeah right it's all
good yeah the scientists they got a
world started hoping the Dave season so
I'm getting I'm getting a track today
I'm getting the track today you are
getting the track any maybe right now
son you money disappear man oh you said
the thing about deal today into
producing his show Gil today Jamie and
to being the the technical adviser he
guilted you into the music and then he
would try to pretend that you trying to
run out of here oh no what I said what I
said was like I'm sitting you talking
shit to me
here it is you just produced the first
episode hundred percent think you oughta
Jack and Jamie wasn't fuck with me at
all he didn't know no he'd know what to
do he was hard to me the fuck out of
here
another no he done a fire shows a week
listen with that says sometimes more Joe
with that said yes I wasn't demanding I
was a only thing but all that has been
all honesty I'm happy more than happy
where do we start my contemplates doctor
plated I'm exactly how to play situation
I'm ecstatic to help you don't care I'm
happy okay I just want you to do it I
don't want you're doing it out of this
I'll do what and look at the inspiration
and we started this yes go back to email
boy yeah shit yeah hi
well I won his you got a sin unto me man
your track I'll see you to tell you that
to wanna be like maybe Karla hip hoppy
and I wanna be like listen don't even go
dip listen when we can do it in the car
you know I listen to classical music so
what kind Beethoven I don't even know I
got on some classical station by serious
I don't know what is it like this make
my brain feel relaxed like a
motherfucker cuz I like listening to oh
I write don't tell people this shit back
Darnell we're gonna have to edit that
out you can't tell people with your
goddamn email is we're gonna say down
out of this set Gmail I didn't sign up
Gmail so you just yo decimal distance if
you show it if you show it if you
wouldn't set it nobody wouldn't do it
not even me
because Jamie key beep over that some
numbers in there that can't be seen oh
right no you don't once said oh yeah
we're gonna add some number yeah yeah
yeah well this 3 or 4 fuck ma'am tell
you my shit is gonna blow son I'm ready
please right now dudes are loading up
dicks on the email brother
and then up to you like right now oh
because not in my home I got a new phone
Darnell you got a change you can we
change this we be bit we're gonna beep
over your email cuz this is ridiculous
and what we're gonna cut to me during
the take so that you don't see your lips
moving either because the scientists are
out there okay I don't know
where is it by your right foot my right
foot on the floor there you go click so
we're good before I slip out and go
watch catch the store before closes give
me one serious whistle question I mean
tell me about the Hulu show I'm
interested in the Hulu show okay cool
this one thing so this is I'm give you
something edit so that's why I was just
no we're good
he's good James gonna beep over ok so
people are mad right now what the fuck
it was better when it was live I could
senator picture my dick so the Hulu show
was our own created by me my partner
Alex II executive producer Brian Grazer
and I love Brian yeah he was just here
last week oh yeah yeah he's all right
that's right he's an interesting guy man
I really liked talking to him and he uh
well he's a entertainment icon in genius
and what he do
and he had he actually read my book the
Dow of wool and that led to him having
an interest in making this into a TV
series you know a and so we are we part
up with Alex see Francie cow-calf oh and
we vote 10 episodes of this we don't you
know gotta write as well put it on Hulu
is called wu-tang in the American saga
an American saga and it follows you know
us
you know pre wu-tang days in all reality
right so you get to see some of the
things that happen in our neighborhoods
and some of the things that molded us to
the men that we became and it's not only
because of like like you know we know we
have the Liberty to fictionalize some
things right so for instance they could
be a character you know you think about
every Garner right
that's like popular within the last
three to five years right maybe a little
longer right but for us that same thing
happened when we was kids in our
neighborhood in the end the same
neighborhood Margy good okay so that's
that happened on Staten Island
you know they in and and and we was able
to do the show kind of go back and look
at some of the same problems that we
have as American citizens in our
communities that we are still facing
today
for instance in Episode three one of my
favorite episodes you see a black mother
addressing a funeral about how so many
of these kids are dying from gun
violence over things
that's not even valuable things that
could be the place where the sneakers
are gold chained but the life can't be
the place and she goes on to say
something that uh you know as a mother
the pain of Labor you hear how painful
that is right
I've seen how painful so imagine the
pain a woman feels when their child is
killed in cold blood I can't even
imagine it and she goes on to say we
never see our children as thieves
gangsters
you know criminals we see them as our
babies you know I mean and we're turning
our community into a war zone
and we gotta realize that this is our
community and these are our babies so
the show the show gets a chance to tap
into all of that because these things
happen and I was talking about earlier
with so much the same thing we saw my
guns I was like a black person
perspective and their views and how to
look at guns is totally different from
someone that grew around where the NRA
was strong but
we had gun laws I'm saying what every
black person when you think about a gun
you think about something this could
take somebody's life yeah and I don't
know yet you also think about a gun in
certain cases what took a life of
somebody it was innocent it was somebody
with an authority you know I'm saying so
like most black people their connection
with guns is totally different from just
like hunting and I want to protect my
household yeah because and and in our
show we don't we tap into that but at
the same time we also tap into that
feeling when when the kid gets a new
drum machine right without their
instruction manual and he's gonna stay
up all night figure it out you know I
mean play on it
and makes up and eventually make
something you know like for the case of
me that SP 1200 I made that beat for
playing the pain which is when I met the
man's first video is one of his first
charting songs and you did think to
think about me trying to figure this
thing out and figure it out and it makes
getting excited every time you figure it
out and this and they make something
that the world appreciates right so you
get that that angle as well but then you
also you know you get you know at the
time my mother was working for a man
named fat Larry fat lab he was a healer
he was an Italian guy who ran the number
spots on Staten Island you know I just
come to tell you restaurants I can't
remember it was so it felt so illegal
and fucked up but it was so good oh yeah
salute Abitibi temple to that culture as
well so so anyway so it was an honor to
work with imagined TV you know Brian
Grazer of art how it also blessed us all
in as well in a my partner Alex II who
are just a good writer you know he both
super fly right the new super fly and
he's just a good writer and our
partnership led to these episodes and uh
it's a vegetable that I feel to be
respected as a hip-hop pioneer and
someone has started some different shit
in like you can rock a routine with
forever but you still been able to I'd
like be identified like you you don't
say
how's it feel to be go through the
hip-hop thing and didn't being respected
in the film world in the writing world
like you are now I'm it's a blessing of
course right you can say that without no
joke no strength it's a blessing and the
beauty of it all for me for the RZA is
that every step that I take every foot
when I leave I leave the floor hip-hop
right so you think about you know of
course you know dr. Dre is in front of
me he's ahead of me you know and so you
know I had his records before I had a
record and so I watched the NWA movie
and I'm like wow it's a movie now it was
an album now it's a movie and now you
know how do I take it to another level
well now it's not a movie it's the TV
series Wow
you see and now somebody else at hip-hop
could take a look at that and they could
say wow what can we do now to take it to
another level so the biggest blessing
for me the biggest reward is knowing
that there's footprints being left by
the abbot if they call me the abbot but
the abbot is leaving footprints so on so
when people in hip-hop you don't have to
be crabs in a barrel or trying to say a
rom or trying to make a beat I mean you
could you could you know you could take
your art and put it in many forms
because there's many outlets of art even
an editor
yeah even a good editor hip-hop video
editor it's a certain style to his
editing right so cuz he has that he has
the hip-hop in them you know I mean so
even there's the outlet a lot of young
people you know in many films we all
sometimes strive towards the same goal
not realizing how many people it takes
to achieve the goal and do film and with
this do film being one of the most
collaborative art forms and you watch a
movie you'll see you know hundreds of
names go by when I did my movie man with
the iron fist I had was that Tarantino
yo you know the weird thing about it
like man like me being on the outside is
saying you create anything man that
connection felt so like it was so amazed
so much since sent emails so it's like
oh and the baddest man alive is like
number two behind the rage against
machine gutaeng collaborate psyches god
damn that's a good song god damn it
thank you but point being made that 500
people was employed yeah a lot of people
a lot of moving parts
so think about the young people out
there who's trying to figure out whether
their art filling fitting whether their
talent fit in and I say to them look it
took 500 people to make that okay and
you never know where your talent gonna
fall so be good like he told you to spit
the spit 16 you got a 16 listen his
talking attract millions just like 16 yo
man only reason only reason this is why
when he was 16
cuz knew he was gonna say where's the
fuck is your pocket already know this
motherfuckers voice is the voice of this
whole shit in a muhfucka can just sit
there and talk to somebody forever and
not only just terms my forever just
after doing comedy I was economy didn't
I got time to talk to somebody forever
and I'll have crazies you could do it
too I want y'all started 45 minutes with
nobody you I got two producers y'all
already some I produced three producers
we gonna do it you just you're on the
road man you got no worries
you're gonna leave with a verse check
out hit me what's the logistics is my
egotistic personality part of my
coexistence or is it just the dangerous
stranger paying me an uninvited visit
like an unwanted Christmas guest or is
it just a fragment of my lowest self
Envy greed and lust or my higher self
goodwill love and trust you
this therapy - I'm therapeutic to
discuss I was dangling in the dirt like
a pair of loose shoe strings but I was
born in the USA like Bruce Springsteen
torn between the temptation of bringing
the ruckus - maintaining a structure -
keeping girls on my payroll that'll cut
your nuts off after they fuck you before
you've ruptured they're trying to put me
in a quiet place with a word stop well
put me in a clothes pin space ruin life
through a bird box but close the windows
shut the doors
scattered ooh on the floor so the sound
of my footsteps are dampening his orb
that's a metaphor - kill the noise why
they walk around we look blindfolded as
they kill our boys and these crazy race
is wrong with cold still and they killed
for joy blood spills inside the church
and outside the shopping store inside
the movie theater school campus in
church all the synagogue's no location
is omitted most cases get acquitted by
mental illness and no guns are
prohibited is it rational to think this
is a national problem therefore is a
threat to national security and the
National Guard's needs to solve it or is
it visible it's a problem of individuals
who are not in court with the principle
of one nation under God and the visible
respect to my veterans honor sir thank
you thank you bye everybody
[Applause]
[Music]